today we look at the dark side
cooking
or rather today we talk a little about
spices
or which ones I like to call them all the same
let's start with the most common
black pepper simple spices
how many people I know at least 80
percentage uses ground black pepper
as soon as you grind knocks
or in the mill right in the dish it will be 1
5 frames from it are more tasty than ground
used not only in meat and fish
and vegetable dishes
can also be used in small doses
in the manufacture of gingerbread chic
suitable for cooking Odessa
coffee with milk
Lavruk I will not tell today
to the fact that you use laurels each
day everywhere
she is good in soups she is good in vegetables
dishes and in meat and also in pickles
pickles and dumplings to
following one of the main options
spices is coriander this is a grain
cilantro
after the hops-suneli can say 2
spice in Georgian cuisine
used in vegetables meat mainly but
also you know him well by
Borodino bread has a very bright
Aron taste quite nice to use
and flax in the form of a hammer so that it does not
stood out so bright otherwise it turns out there
the explosions of taste next let's
will consider
allspice unlike black
his place in the kitchen and in fish is insane
emphasizes it on the one hand on the other
sides it can also be used in
sweet dishes and or marinades
cinnamon i understand that most of you
associated with apples
but it is so cinnamon madly suited to
apple in addition to this mulled wine
without cinnamon it's just some kind of boiled
wine and it also fits well
an orange
which can be mixed with chicken can
say that to the bird and a little to its meat
can use completely small
doses otherwise she will score the rest
flavor and also used in gingerbread and
sweet in any dishes Baden
many know him as anise his other
the name you will not call Annis because
anise
this herb has a very very strong
aroma and
and no less strong taste which
reminds you all sorts of pharmacy
drugs possibly in childhood I had
more pleasant and from such associations I have
it is not very pleasant to use it
all sweets
and also in fish dishes it is good
combination with cinnamon but put it
less otherwise he will hammer it
carnation consists of two parts
hats so small which
crumbles onto powder and tight legs
the foot is more commonly used for
cooking marinades and or let's say in
fish in small quantities while
cap is much better suited for
cooking sweets she softer
what else can you say about the carnation she
very, very strong in flavor and taste
so use at minimum
quantities
begin to beat the rest of the world
used in vegetables in meat more
degree insanely well suited to let
and so if you cook stew
cabbage or even cabbage soup
put tweak not on will not regret zira
she's jira she's the same cumin tell one
of the main
spices in Central Asian cuisine you her
you know of course
on pilaf because pilaf is without zira and i don't
I know how to soup without beets from this conclusion
it comes to meat bird if you
cook indian dishes there as well without
she can not do
fennel seeds have exactly the same
taste like fennel onion
but it can be added in smaller
quantities it is easier to find yes and
it is stored for a couple of years longer
also used along with
cumin and rezero and and cumin in meat and
vegetables
addition to this has wonderful
this digestion properties
therefore, in India, grain is often served in
Filip's Day is straight with sugar after a meal
no Georgian dish managed surnames
from meat or vegetables was not talking about
to cope is not complete without hops-suneli
if you want to make art what you
need hops suneli if you want
do ussuri now you need
hops suneli
your dish will be transformed by these
flavors and flavors because
hops suneli is a mixture of herbs and some
spices that grow in the region of Georgia
besides, the more herbs are tastier
be sure to watch though who will tell you
I have long tried to remember the name of this
spices you remembered and called sumah
also came to us from the foothills of the Caucasus
and imagine yourself sour ground
berries I used to think that pomegranate but no
I was told that it is not so good
suitable for cooking pilaf kebabs
and all sorts of other local dishes paprika
unlike hot red pepper and her
can there be many very well suited to
vegetables and meat dishes
is the basis of almost ryan
body taste Kulish and tomatoes and
it is paprika that make Hungarian cuisine
not so much in taste as suppose
carnation
or cinnamon therefore some amount
can be added for tinting
dishes let's say turmeric dumplings
in Asia, meets left and right
the reason for having
antiseptic properties so if
are you cooking something asian in asia then
there is no know when she was murdered
add to perfect fit in principle
to any vegetable and meat and fish dishes
what is it used for most often
to tint something because
that it turns everything into yellow very
much so if you do not have enough light
in the sauce, add a little turmeric on
at the same time ibiza grow and
it 's almost coconuts in coconut phase